drones have come a long way since I
first started talking about them back at
NCI you know there's big ones now you
need the certifications you need to go
train and go to school for 5 years just
to fly them near an airport you're not
supposed to fly but hover sponsored this
video to prove to all of you that it
doesn't have to be that complicated this
is the hover camera X1 it is a very
light drone it's 125 G which means that
it's under the 250 g threshold that
requires you in the US and Canada to get
certification to fly a drone do I need
to look at the quick start guide no I
don't it's supposed to be easy to use I
don't need to read the quick start guide
but I probably should look at it at
least this card it seems useful yeah
this is I'm I'm excited about this one
you're just supposed to hold it
horizontally in uh the palm of your hand
and then I believe that you press the
button and there's a 3second takeoff we
that's going to be exciting I want to
see that disclaimer and safety
instructions I'll have my my people read
that
okay what else we got oh we got a little
box here with uh some treats ooh ooh a
nice bag there's nothing in the bag
because I think that's to hold the
actual uh drone
itself a charging cable USBC to
usba um okay that's everything in the
Box let's take a look at the Drone
itself man it is a very small boy hey
there have been of course many small
drones over the years uh but this is
interesting to see this foldable design
and presumably it fits in that bag I
looked at earlier let's take a look at
what is on the outside so on the top
here we've got the power and takeoff
button there's the mode button which
switches modes not sure what the modes
are right now but I know that there are
five flight paths that you can switch
between on the
Fly and then there are five LED
indicators surrounding that
which I guess you know will give you a
visual representation of what mode
you're in when you're not using the app
on this side we have what looks like the
USBC charging port on the other side not
much but I did also not mention this is
the battery here which is directly
replaceable um we have the charging Hub
here with an extra battery and uh oh and
there's two slots for that and each one
of these batteries will give you 11
minutes of flight time thankfully you
got two batteries here you can swap them
out and keep going for another 11
minutes and the fun times keep on flying
I just want to do this all day this is
just fun it looks like it's clapping for
me good job Riley we got the gimbal
camera here with some o some jiggly
stabilizing uh mechanisms there it can
shoot 2.7k at 30 FPS or 1080p at 60 or
1080p at HDR so we'll take a look at
what that looks like and on the bottom
we've got our downward facing sensor
array this drone actually has a Time
oflight laser positioning system here as
well as Vio technology which means that
it uses a camera and deep learning
technology to see where it's going just
with a visual system instead of like
relying on a bunch of sensors and GPS so
that's interesting we'll see how well
that plays out okay let's pair it with
the app and then take it outside let's
have some fun who we we've picked up a
signal on the radar on on the sonar
Captain should I hail them press and
hold the power button on the hover until
the status indicator turns solid green
oh I like this display oh current mode
hover done it's connected before
starting your flight pick up hover and
follow me please complete eight tasks
are you ready please confirm that the
status light turns green hover is ready
to fly oh I didn't see this this warning
the first time do not fly in the
following environments low light
situation the ground texture is not
clear and it has a picture of like a
smooth floor so if your floors are too
clean water surface don't fly it over
water and large height variants and it
shows buildings please hold hover in
your palm horizontally and align the
camera to your
face hi use the other hand to short
press the power button I'm holding my
phone with the other hand short press
not long
press
continue oh I didn't okay I didn't think
it was going to go right away the red
light indicates filming is in progress I
didn't give you permission but okay
strike a pose once you've been still for
3 seconds hover will take a photo of
you did you take the photo or oh okay it
did after shooting place your palm
directly under the hover and wait for
the hover to
land it feels safe with me I've already
bonded after the propeller shut off the
flight is officially completed and we
can all go home but now there's also now
there's these other icons in the app
sound recording Link account hovers
album oh I can see the picture I got it
okay here's the oh wow it took a bunch
of it took a bunch of photos
so that was cool but now I want to see
what it's capable of all right now I
understand there are six icons on the
top because there five of those are the
flight paths that you can switch between
and then the sixth one is custom I guess
you can make a custom one which I'm not
going to do you can also change modes in
the app as well I mean it says here
hover zoom out follow orbit bird's eye
oh and then there's extra ones but those
are those are there's the basic ones and
then there's the skilled ones ones
snapshot Dolly track manual control the
cartoon character in this app is
hilarious what is it he's got
his legs up behind his head what so
let's go through the flight modes then
um let's start with whatever this one is
hover oh it tells you
what zoom
out follow follow orbit orbit bird eye
bird eye yeah so it it
follows me around my Mansion but it
doesn't fall it won't it'll stay there
because it knows its place and then if
you just stick your hand out it just
comes right down man I feel like I've
known this little guy for
years okay let's switch to zoom out zoom
out
whoa now is it recording Rec in right
now come back to
me there's nothing for you out there in
the world you belong with
me it'll always come back the prodigal
drone okay okay and then if you want to
actually watch the video you have to
download it that's interesting it would
be really nice if the process to see the
file that you just the video that you
just recorded was a bit quicker right
now it's downloading from the Drone onto
the phone it has to download and process
before you can just watch it so that
could be a bit quicker it was only a
5-second video okay so there are
settings in the app for uh changing like
how long it's going to zoom out and come
back or how long it's going to record
for all right let's try the next mode
follow just like we practiced little
buddy you can do it continue
follow
come on don't look at them this
way yes
yes you're doing
great you're doing it Peter I called him
Peter
Marcus have you ever seen such an
amazing thing in your life is it going
to keep following you though yeah now
it's yours he's he's on you now okay R
just go just go you're free
now go don't you get
it I you can't stay with me go okay
we're in orbit now let's go over here
maybe orbit
me it
listened okay now what if what if I
don't go get
it it's kind of coming it's like Daddy
Daddy pick me up what if I don't what's
it going to
do oh it
just it just has like a breakdown it's
just like I don't know what to do
now I see that was like I felt cruel
there making it hover the last one of
the five
modes bird eye bird eye okay what do I I
don't know what you're going to do this
is going to be a surp
rprise wait no I'm not ready oh okay
wow it's going is it going to stop and
come back oh it's already it's already
coming back I got to say there's a part
of me that's like ah it's a bit gimmicky
but there's a maybe a bigger part that's
like this is really cool it's like it's
cool how intuitive it is I just held my
hand out and it's just like yes Father
I'm like I already have a son let's
let's just calm down oh okay so you can
set it to record for 30 seconds or 60
seconds or five minutes or just continue
which I guess means that like keep
recording until I tell you to shut up
you should be able to tell that the
audio is actually coming from the phone
and not the Drone the phone and not the
Drone and that's because if the
microphone was on the Drone you
wouldn't you just hear a buzz so look at
it oh it's far away can you hear me can
you hear me can you hear me can you hear
me can you do you see what I'm doing uh
if you switch to Vertical video mode
you're limited to uh 1080p 30 FPS but
the option is there if you like want to
post a social or something I guess oh
you think you can follow me we'll have
to
see come
on
no
[Laughter]
you've done well okay we're back inside
uh I want to take a look at some of this
footage uh because you know that was
very exciting out there it was a
challenging situation as David points
out with the lighting uh you know it was
basically things were blown out with the
sun in the background and there was
harsh Shadows but it seems to be doing a
really good job I mean like obviously
the the sky is blown out but the color
and the detail are pretty impressive for
you know a tiny little drone camera it
did a really fun like edit adding music
and taking screenshots during the video
so I can always forever remember the
setup process for the Drone oh I'm going
to put that right beside my kids photos
this is interesting for some of the
modes I couldn't tell this while I was
actually using the Drone but now I can
see it records for like like the first
bit of the motion and then it stops and
then records again as it as it comes
back it did that for the bird's eye mode
and for the zoom out mode so I mean you
might be able to change that in settings
though CU they did have some settings
for like changing uh specific settings
of different modes I got to say as I'm
watching these I'm reminded of the time
when we were just outside 2 seconds ago
and it was uh my impression of this
drone overall pretty good like there's
not a ton that I have to complain about
here other than the you know oh I want
to see the things that I just recorded I
have to download them off the Drone and
have them download and then process and
then they're available to watch but like
you wouldn't expect the a small drone
like this to have the type of Wi-Fi
equipment that you could like stream
high quality video to your phone
directly from it um so you know I kind
of forgive that because the rest of the
experience using it was I didn't have I
mean I didn't have any complaints when I
was done with it I just put my hand out
and it landed immediately so if the
hover camera X1 is something you're
interested in they actually have a combo
right now that's on sale you get the
Drone and the battery charger and an
extra battery for 445 but it's on sale
for $3.99 so if you're interested in
that uh check the link in the
description and thanks to hover for
sponsoring this video hey thanks for
watching that was a short circuit uh
appreciate appreciate you staying the
end so we can have this little moment uh
subscribe to the channel um if you feel
like it make me happy but